Set proper Ruby version and remove version minimum in favor of latest to prevent build errors. (#16964)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/pages/migrations/migrating-jekyll-from-github-pages.mdx

Specifically, you will need to create a `Gemfile` and install the `github-pages` gem, which includes all of the dependencies that the GitHub Pages environment assumes.

> As of Thursday Sep 19, 2024 Cloudflare runs Ruby 3.2.2 for the default Jekyll build.  Please make sure your local development environment is compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Version 2 of the Pages build environment](/pages/configuration/build-image/#languages-and-runtime) will use Ruby 3.2.2 for the default Jekyll build.  Please make sure your local development environment is compatible.
```
